[Music]
hey you please stop bothering like him
so
Arthur I have some bad news for you this
is the last time we'll be meeting you
don't listen dear you just asked the
same questions every week how's your job
are you having any negative thoughts all
I have are negative thoughts
and finally in a world where everyone
thinks they can do my job
check out this guy when I was a little
boy and told people I was gonna be a
comedian everyone laughed at me well no
one's laughing now you can say that
again
[Music]
so hospital isn't it
for my whole life
if I even really existed
but I do
starting to notice
I think this is funny
the joke to you
marry one small thing yeah when you
bring me out can you introduce me as
Joker
[Music]
send in the clown
you'll see time to wrap it up
just four more minutes
[Music]
that's on my house from space not
literally that my life
yeah there it is
excuse me major Colvin has a theory that
he can tell who's walked in space just
by looking at it is more than theory you
keep your eye on this one so show you
how it's done
I'm so proud of you well have you done
the moon him back you know Michael
Collins gosh that Apollo 11 definitely
the command module for neon buzz so you
know that after he dropped them he
circled the moon for hours inside the
module he wrote I am now truly alone and
absolutely alone from any known life I
am it I need to get back out there yet
many younger say you're just gonna have
to work harder look at you straight
arrow you never done anything wrong in
your life I've done plenty of things
wrong really
hit me
[Music]
dr. Plimpton said you skipped in your
last recessions I'm given everything to
this program to the mission kills me to
say it but our girls been prayin
consistently negative I can say she's
tough cookie if the laptop not ever
working in all right I'm pulling you out
of the running for a riot no if I were a
man you excuse me I know what you're
doing but you can almost this is not a
drill cadet grab a stuff what I do with
her I'm officially beginning to worry
you acting so strangely
[Music]
I'm good all systems go
it's a bike up there only players worry
anything makes sense
I found out about wrinkles through a
news story meet Southwest Florida's
wrinkles the clown I'm a reporter you
can call them he will scare people for
you
you don't know if he's trying to surf
are trying to kill you it's like a
boogeyman situation oh my god we know
that there's a human underneath and yet
you don't know the identity and that
creeps people out you've got to be
afraid of rain he's really by calling
him here essentially inviting him in
into your life
[Music]
it was different about this was the
viral nature of social media there's two
people in his body
multiple personalities been working like
this for 65
richard out is calling
[Applause]
you know no one was hiring me when I was
just a regular clown I just thought you
know maybe I'll give it a little edge
[Music]
what a lovely morning time to greet the
children
all right I'm away
really a site that you can make it there
Wednesday what do you have that I'm not
sure there's usually a motorist clown
attached to the other end of these so
different
Pugsley don't drink it all this
gentleman wants some tuna welcome to the
neighborhood what an interesting home
fire in the hole
not my battleship yes these people are
monsters they'll ruin the neighborhood
[Applause]
down the road the same let's show them
what it means to be an Addams
we joke on this
oh yes
right this family yuck
I've done this thousands of times
[Music]
totally awesome drop it like it's hot
well some was like I was seeing her
ghost like every trigger I've ever
pulled
how'd he start you hunting birds rabbit
guessing 19 20 years old the first time
he ordered you to shoot a person
25 years ago he took my blood
made you from me
he's been lying to you the whole time
told you you were an orphan now all the
people in the world to come after me why
would he send you
because I'm the best you are obviously
not the best and just trying to rattle
me trying to save you you made a choice
to do this to me
whole point of this thing was to give
you all of Henry's gifts without his
pain I don't want to shoot you
fine if I shoot you Henry has this ever
having you before your own government
trying to kill you
no that's new everything that we've
worked for is at stake he has to die is
your darkness you had to walk through
this on your own I love you Junior
we created
you were the inspiration for all of us
why not just make a whole army full of
them why not you should be flattered you
should be dead
this has to be stopped
because what if somebody actually know
what we really are when those seats are
filled and when the lights go down
there's that moment suspended in time
we're waiting for the magic to begin
[Music]
they cut you all I need is a shot you
guys ever need a piano players not in 30
years
Yuri is our choreographer sander reigns
you missed a turn I don't need to see it
again I can do the turn funny
[Music]
audition for you show it works of deli
we need a stars under dawn says the star
I can't put that on the marquee okay
I'll sign the deal she'll be starring in
free Dawn's I need you to help me with
her to make this show work they're
called backup dancers cuz I always want
to step behind the star I need to show
to be certain I'm lonely brilliant I
want that too she's phenomenal what
exactly is going on between you and
Xander so she bared her soul out there
for you today
[Music]
to the top
you're strong you're very talented prove
yourself
[Music]
the future of smartphones has arrived
introducing a different kind of digital
assistant we use the latest technology
to bring you something extraordinary my
name is Jack Z and I am here to make
your life better
oh look at that that's cool count one
two three four five six stupid huh how
can I help you
let's get dinner you look like you could
use a salad film is this Oh No okay I'm
okay too
Thanks oh I'm sorry you're okay I'm fine
but more importantly how's your phone
it's got a little bit of a scratch that
will definitely annoy me you were
kidding you guys are supposed to write
lists to break the internet every day we
haven't gone viral since yesterday
prison lips what do you got cats that
looks like Ryan Gosling I like you I
like you like your boss is a what
is wrong with your phone dude zero
friends take a chance and try something
new
she's so cute I heard you say Kate
Finnegan no I did not I shot this case
high use my waves are you ready to go
yeah let's go would you mind not
bringing your phone POTUS
[Applause]
you promised you'd be home by 11:00 to
watch Cupcake Wars with me okay but you
are going to pay for this the weather
today will be 80 degrees and sunny I
mean your phone
this one was defective see hips reduce
like you come in here every day right
little cracky you can buy a thousand new
phones and I will follow you on to every
single one of them I'm done you do not
know how to get home
do you no I do not a soul for one no
chase oxen control your email to bank
accounts no one puts Baby in a corner
why are you doing this to me I am
programmed to make your life better
you and I are meant to be together
forever forever
you both said pictures of your junk to
everyone no Carroll's pretty psyched
some huddle not a while interest -
little agua
[Music]
- trawangan Dragic quite often do
division the crisis in gradua yellow
text into krong go virtually every
tournament at origin you truly give each
one of Angelica's Anuradha
the world is so hot graa wait time so
what's this is it okay with you
what a song you know Anthony's
regurgitating de pintura cream control
towers on you yeah good one because in
the oven and they're just a mirage kudo
London jeschica
we don't really know cause I'm dynamism
economy's action Stockton god I'm deadly
serious
converse instance it we found him
you
five years ago I thought I lost you
forever
there is no curse that could ever tell
me away from you will you marry me yes
[Music]
mistress I have a little bit of news
don't ruin my morning
there asked me to marry him no I wasn't
really asking nor was I love doesn't
always end well beasty trust me
let us prove you wrong you have done an
admirable job going against your own
nature to raise this child but now she
will finally get the love of a real
mother tonight I consider Aurora
my be now what have you done
Maleficent is a threat to everyone
because you are best to protect you
[Applause]
one can never be too careful
this isn't you
you do not know me
tell me what happened there was another
creature
you've spent years caring for a shoe
now it's time to care for your own
[Music]
right
Oh God hey pasa me sorry just you in
that chair I think that would have made
a damn fine president you would have
brought a real dignity to the office
you're welcome America
welcome to Zombieland
life is about more than just survival we
were a family dysfunctional sure but
what family isn't very what would you
like little girl I really like for you
to stop calling me little girl
you know and I would like I don't give a
what you it felt so good to be on
the move again oh my god I'm so sorry
hi I'm Columbus this is tell AHA see hey
paul blart this your dad Oh whoopsie I
forgot the teapot wrong Oh so she knows
the rules I told her just a few of her
7300 and are there more you'd like it my
sister is coming she picked up the boy
he's from Berkeley Berkeley even have
weed Dave do I look like the type of
person that would have weed I'm sorry
whoo yeah have nothing against hippies I
just wanna beat the out of we're
gonna go get her we ride at dawn
start talking you first
[Music]
oh my apologies little Elvis is it me or
just does he kind of remind you of I
don't like you at all
I think you're double-parked Oh more
perpendicular parks hope we don't get it
is going on here
what hello everyone my hallucinating
okay Dennis take a step to your left
ah that's mine talk about my faith flame
she doesn't say smile anymore oh I'm
losing Tolson if you could just rotate
him forward from perfect
[Music]
I'm never first Julia what is he doing
Jr are you a dog now it's him
Oh Julian you need your glasses to see
the board I am Miss Cuban I have jewelry
in here he's a dog now Raja
you can play with Julian at recess so
fast it's incredible that's who you were
meant to be my son Rocketman I think he
was gonna become an accountant we say
you kiss like your friend
she's so cute Lisa do you want her sir
take her she's yours and thank you so
much enjoy might be possible for me to
get the baby I gave you back I don't
know Joe it doesn't hurt to ask right it
did hurt I didn't like it
Julian wash up dinner's ready no it's
not is everything okay Jill are you
happy I don't know maybe you should get
a divorce
[Music]
out of bounds is not Photoshop yeah
man
prepare to leave the house there you
boys will be involved in such activities
as four games ambush techniques is
employ stuff up I don't think I can do
this yes of course you can
how about a friend got me in so much
trouble growing up too fast 10 young 20
celebrating war and talking politics I
wish more of our young boys had your
blind fanaticism
did you know juice can read each other's
might such how would you know who saw
one
they look just like us hi
you know I tell him sit thank you
gesundheit that was intense
what am I going to do no idea goodies
our house and flame Winston Churchill
wanna go she ate I tell on you will be a
they'll never win now there's a
strongest in the world
your mother took me in she's kind
suits me like a person you two seem to
be getting unbalanced it doesn't seem
like a bad person
on the enemy
we're not a nut Jojo who 10 year old
kids who likes dressing up an offending
uniform wants to be part of a club
[Music]
Oh God nothing makes sense anymore yeah
I know it's definitely not a good time
to be a Nazi or major Lasky believed he
believed that there was some enchantment
in the light went Maddie did
tall tales
[Music]
Oh God what what what what what what
what what what what what what what wawk
wawk wawk wawk wawk what
not to strike you dead Winslow
all right have it your way
[Music]
let me ask you a question do you think
he black you think them your people for
the lot
[Music]
forget that
[Applause]
[Music]
the streets are war zone
you're blue now
I gotta mean to see I go stay in a call
[Music]
this you already got rid of everyone
that could talk the hell are you doing
here okey whoa whoa whoa
just relax they're all cups yeah this
isn't what it looks get a body chair
mine but we got a ghost she's gone I
think side you gonna bring undermine you
let's get you out of here we got her
don't be stupid
all he wants is the body camp
we have been shot what you can't be in
here with this the police they'll help
it was the cops they shot me she cannot
get back to the precinct to upload the
footage on that camera the cop and
criminal in this city is coming to find
her got a price on your head what you
gonna do I'm gonna expose
here is this
all let us be for nothing
you still playing we're still alive
aren't we
we've got a hard choice to make right
now are you one of us you wanted them
he picked her side
murders murder don't matter who you are
[Music]
our phones have become essential apps
keep track of our schedules our Fitness
our love lives but what if an app could
tell you how long I got 63 years 57
years before you died would you want to
know this app it's fake obviously my
girlfriend said the same thing that app
said she was gonna die whatever is
happening to us I think it's because of
this
good evening your phone a new phone new
number your service anything else I can
help you with No
[Music]
[Applause]
the countdown app it's really just a
random number with a clock it's not that
scary
but it seems like it works on YouTube
clowns this must be everyone that
downloaded the app she downloaded it all
we need to do is beat the clock by one
second have you ever done anything like
this before no but I've read about it a
lot a fate much worse than death
pursuing you come with me
it won't overwhelm you until you're
utterly destroyed you're you calling my
name
[Music]
Thomas Alva Edison my boys and I caught
in a jar but before now is only flashed
across the night sky the future is here
oh I'm George Westinghouse Nikola Tesla
I won't leave a greatest provider of
electrical power in the world better
than Edison there's a contest between
you this is a battle for the brightest
minds of America today the impossible
becomes possible and the man that
controls that current controls the
future I hope you brought your
checkbooks you want to be remembered
it's simple shoot a president but if you
prefer to have what I call a legacy you
leave the world a better place than you
found it you are building miracles out
of thin air I'm working on something so
new that the world would never be the
same if mr. Edison succeeds he will send
us back so far we may never recover
sometimes we have to work outside of the
rules to get was right
that is how you truly win it oh you got
vultures in every venture but did I
mention that his systems lethal his
current kills people he's playing dirty
you can too
you can't see the real force that moves
things of it's not a CD sales of
torrents to currency this is costing a
ports Westinghouse time my mother that
is our future you're fired
they're never gonna be anything named
Tesla ever again our futures not going
to pay for bricks for recovering I had
the better sister Westinghouse Electric
shall endure the City of Light but I
built it already in my imagination and
it is perfect there is a possibility
you'll be putting in jeopardy the lives
of 28 million people tonight things
could change make up for a ride
only one man would rise
so what'd you trade invent or fix
problems radiates
[Music]